hey what's up I'm going to provide below
this video a link to another channel
that is just called vegan in Japan this
video showing a demonstration in Tokyo
actually was really emotionally moving
to me the first time I saw it and may
surprise you I don't notice some extent
it came as a surprise to me as well it's
just six minutes of footage with english
translation of this vegan demonstration
in Kyoto Japan uh why did it affect me
emotionally so much for one thing I
really feel this sort of tragedy of
tragedy of miscommunication the
impossibility of reaching out to people
and communicating such as simple and
fundamental fact as you know they say
they're in that protest very simply you
do not need fish to live you don't need
to eat fish to live and that really
moves me because I know the world is
full of people in Japan probably the
majority of people literally believe
that a human being cannot live without
eating fish like really believe that not
even in the sense of a religious belief
because a religious belief is something
you've been taught and you've thought
about at some point you've questioned it
you know nobody's an unquestioning
belief in religion you know a religious
belief is articulated in a narrative in
a story it's celebrated you know but on
on the city and the scene level that
people just you know believe in wearing
pants there are people who believe in
eating fish that it's a daily necessity
that they can't do without it there's no
other way for them to live even though
obviously missed
aurelie there are so many examples and I
talked to someone here recently who
really sincerely believed that human
beings could not live without drinking
cow's milk and she's from China and now
I changed her mind I she actually said
she was going to stop drinking cow's
milk which is interesting so i guess i
guess i won but it wasn't a hostile
conversation but she had really never
requested before she's a fully grown
adult she's not a teenager she's not a
kid um but she was living her whole life
really laboring under the delusion that
human beings could not survive without
cow's milk now obviously I can relate i
can understand they're all these things
packaged into it historically and
culturally but I mean why this is why
this video is emotionally moving for me
it gets at the crux of both my optimism
and also my feeling of hopelessness
about human nature about the future of
planet Earth certainly in both Canada
and in Japan the feeling of hopelessness
that you know this protest that's so
well intentioned that's trying to reach
out to people it just seems impossible
that someone standing on the sidewalk
could possibly receive that message and
actually challenged the deeply held
belief that oh you know what I don't I
don't need to eat fish to live you know
my grandparents were wrong everything I
was taught of shells wrong you know
that's exactly what you need to
communicate and yet it's uh it's so hard
to do and I've mentioned before in this
channel I really regarded as a waste of
time some of the specific protests and
political activism we have here in
Victoria I don't understand why you
would focus on horse-drawn carriages the
use of horses to pull a carriage to
entertain tourists of all the issues
than veganism you know like like honey
is also very marginal III do not eat
honey
do not support eating honey but if I'm
gonna get involved in public education
and activism I want to challenge
milk-drinking like in Canadian culture
the belief in milk and dairy to me
that's so fundamental both to diet and
etiology and even nationalism and you
know this belief we have that government
the government should take taxpayers
money and subsidized and control the
dairy industry so the dairy industry is
half private sector half a Providence
half this scam run by the Canadian
government you know justified by
nationalism we have to prevent the
Americans from coming in and you know
controlling our dairy industry is idiocy
I mean it's idiocy politically it's
idiocy nutritionally it's idiocy
environmentally and ecologically but
again on that human level of individual
people when you talk to your own
grandmother or you talk to a stranger on
the street or whatever Mikey someone i
met the university you really do meet
people who believe milk is necessary to
life on Earth and it's the simplest
thing and yet the hardest thing to
overcome that but so I say I don't want
to be involved with protesting as honey
and I don't want to be involved in
processing against horses pulling
carriages for one thing just because
it's marginal it's not central to
veganism is not central to social change
but also because I'm still optimistic
I'm still optimistic that human beings
can change at least five percent of us
if they just learn if they just find out
where milk comes from what milk is and
that it's fundamentally unnecessary to
human life it's it's the simplest and
most fundamental public education
challenge but at least five percent of
people have got to be smart enough and
principled enough to put those people
those pieces together to put the pieces
of the puzzle together and see the
bigger picture and then within those
five percent I hope there's at least one
percent who will be motivated by that
to want to see a broader and deeper
social change and that's what I want to
connect with and I mean my heart goes
out to my heart breaks for this kind of
street protest but ultimately you know
the question is is this the way that I
can reach that minority within a
minority or is this the way that I can
tackle that huge challenge of of public
education look I just say for me I'm
going to provide you with a link to that
video for me that's kind of the the
emotional underpinnings of what I'm
seeing and what I'm feeling and what I'm
thinking about when I look at such a
such a simple and pure example of people
trying to deliver that message to a
crowd you don't need fish to live you
don't need milk to live when I was in
Cambodia I met people who literally
thought they had to meet Redmond who
thought they had to eat meat every meal
who thought they could not skip eating
meat for just one meal I saw that in
France once also only one saw a family
with this guy was horrified he was
flabbergasted the thought of feeding his
children a single meal that did not
contain any meat what you know the
illusion runs that deep and my optimism
is that for some of these people even if
it's just five percent the
disillusionment can run that deep also
and that disillusionment can lead to
mobilisation motivation social and
political change
yeah yeah yeah yeah man that's my word
is going down man watch my voice man
different from other cats voices man
remember that man different flows now
hey yo place these [ __ ] with fire fire
you've been away for letting her just a
Firefly yo hold on the sword I heavy
universal caught on now sonic take over
the medley plus they're fun